DOCS-1614: Update README.md to match template (#6)
viam-labs/audioout: README.md

# `audioout` modular service

This module implements the [`viam-labs:audioout` API](https://github.com/viam-labs/audioout-api) in a `pygame` model.
This modular service provides audio output capabilities via the Python [pygame mixer library](https://www.pygame.org/docs/ref/mixer.html).

## Requirements

> If you want to run this module on a Linux-based machine, install prerequisites with the following commands:

Author: ```suggestion
No prerequisite action is needed for Mac/Darwin.
If you want to run this module on a Linux-based machine, install prerequisites with the following commands:
```

sudo apt-get install flac

> ```

Reviewer: Nit: let's retain the notice that macOS users need take no further prerequisite action.

Author: Done

Click on the **Components** subtab and click **Create component**.
Select the `audioout` type, then select the `pygame` model. 
Enter a name for your service and click **Create**.

> [!NOTE]  
> For more information, see [Configure a Machine](https://docs.viam.com/manage/configuration/).

## Attributes

There are no attributes available for configuration with this service.

## Example Configuration

```json
{
  "services": [
    {
      "name": "my-audioout",
      "type": "audioout",
      "namespace": "viam-labs",
      "model": "viam-labs:audioout:pygame"
    }
  ],
  "modules": [
    {
      "type": "registry",
      "name": "viam-labs_audioout",
      "module_id": "viam-labs:audioout",
      "version": "0.0.6"
    }
  ],
  "packages": []
}
```

## API Usage

This service implements the [`viam-labs:audioout` API](https://github.com/viam-labs/audioout-api).

Please reference the API codebase to interact with your configured service through a Viam SDK.
Follow the instructions in [Using Audioout-api with the Python SDK](https://github.com/viam-labs/audioout-api?tab=readme-ov-file#using-audioout-api-with-the-python-sdk) to get started.

## Troubleshooting

> When using a USB audio device, it may sometimes come up as the default, sometimes not.
> To ensure that it comes up consistently as the default:

Reviewer: Nit: We can be a little clearer by using familiar terms and phrases:

```suggestion
When using a USB audio device, the device may not be registered as the default audio device on boot.
To configure your USB device as the default audio device:
```

If you don't like `boot`: `on startup`, `on system initialization`, etc.

> 1. check the existing alsa modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify the existing `alsa` modules:
```

 3 snd_usb_audio
```

> 2. Ensure the USB device comes up first by editing /etc/modprobe.d/alsa-base.conf. 
> Add content similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit <file>/etc/modprobe.d/alsa-base.conf</file> to add content similar to:
```
